For the cover page
would think of having something
very simple, like a logo in the center,
and the text about your group name,
and the project name.
So let's figure out
how to bring in assets from the folders
that you guys have created.
So what we're doing here
is we’ve minimized XD, and then opened up
the folder, and just dragged
in all the assets you wanted.
So we're getting the assets
for the cover page
and the next few slides
that we're going to use.
We just saw the Uber
logo disappear
because XD is kind of smart,
and it thought
that should have been under the cover page.
So what do you got to do is just drag
your asset outside the cover page to find it
and drag it out into general workspace.
Now we're bringing it back in.
We want it to be center.
You notice
that XD gives you the guidelines.
It makes sure that your asset has centered,
and you know
which part of the page
it's presented in.
You can resize it
and then use the text option
to add your group name
and your own names underneath it.
So just click and drag
where you want your text to be,
and on the right hand side, you see
the property controls for the text box
that you're going to be writing in.
Now we adjusted the font size
to size 36
because it's the cover page and chose
the “Uber Moves” font option
that we had downloaded previously.
We're just entering the text required
and formatting it.
Now if you find it difficult to
control your mouse
to select things always make sure to hit
“V”, which is the select tool
at the top of the tools table.
If you're typing a text,
it may be a bit difficult to directly
hit the keyboard shortcut “V”
so we can just do it on the screen or
click somewhere outside the box
and then hit “V”.
To select multiple items,
just make sure you're
holding on your shift key
as you select all your items
you want to move around,
and the thing you can do
is just drag your mouse
over all the elements
that are required to be selected.
Now, moving on to the menu page,
we realized
actually we like to have a menu button
that would connect
every other screen back
to the content space, the menu page.
So we've deleted it for now,
to make sure
that we can have uniformity.
So let's just see how that goes.
So we're just resizing the Uber logo
to act
as our home button,
bringing it to the top left corner,
kind of feeling out the size,
and then for uniformity purpose,
select all our content remains
in the center of the screen.
You can just drag your guidelines
from the corner of an article.
So if you can see on your left hand side
and the top
as you hover the mouse over the edge,
there's an activity that goes on.
Just click on it
and drag your guidelines from there.
Now these guidelines will get
duplicated
in all the slides coming forward,
so make sure they're in the right place
where you want it to be.
Now we're starting off
with the content of the menu page,
so just giving it a heading - saying menu.
Bringing it back
to where you'd want it to be.
Then make sure
you're using the text property tools
on the right hand side, and making
sure it looks like the heading.
Yeah.
Now we get into the cool part
that's kind of unique to XD
We’ll be using the repeat grid function,
which we’ll use multiple times
in this presentation and this workshop
in a variety of different ways.
Now, make sure that your item is
selected.
Click on Repeat Grid
and you can drag the bottom
green controls so you see your item.
Your text box gets repeated
as many times as the space allows.
And when you hover over the space
in between two items,
you get a pink box
and just click and drag to adjust
the spacing between the items.
This is a super cool function,
which will get used in multiple
different ways.
But the reason why we asked you guys
to make sure
that all your assets are in order
is because this option allows you
to populate all the different text boxes
with different text by just dragging
and dropping your file into it.
Because we had three lines of text,
three boxes got populated.
If you had more,
make sure to add those by
just dragging down your bottom controls
for the repeat group.
And if there were too many,
the text starts repeating itself,
so just close it down
to how many we need.
Once I kind of show up
with the placement of our objects,
right click on it
and then ungroup your grid
just doing
some final checking on your compositions
and almost done with the menu page.